You spoke out loud and clear. And
I will say here boldly now on television.
No, I will not go 10,000
miles from here to help murder
and kill another poor people,
simply to continue the domination
of white slave masters over
the darker people of the earth.
I don't I don't know. I
won't participate. No, sir. I'm a minister.
A preacher from the stand rostrum.
I don't I'm not a marcher.
But I will say here that I have in my
press release that I've said it once and I will say
it again. The real enemies of my
people are right here, not in Vietnam.
And we who follow the most Honorable
Elijah Muhammad take no part in wars.
As the holy Koran teaches us, we take parts
in no wars on the side of infidels or
Christians or nonbelievers in
Islam. No wars unless.